DAY_1
1.what is css ? write its advantages  & disadvantages ?
2.write the features of css3 ?
3.what is selector in css ? why we use it ?
4.explain different types of selectors?
5.explain different ways to add css to html ? and its imporatance 
6.How does a class selector differ from an ID selector? When would you use each?

DAY_2
7.What does the universal selector (*) do? When might it be useful?
8.How does a child selector (>) differ from a descendant selector (space)?
9.How does a adjacent sibling selector (+) differ from a general sibling selector (~)?
10.What is the CSS Box Model? Explain its components.
11.How does padding differ from margin?
12.What is the difference between content-box and border-box for the box-sizing property?
13.What is the effect of setting a negative margin on an element?


DAY_3
14.What is the difference between relative and absolute positioning?
15.What is the difference between position: fixed and sticky?
16.What’s the difference between position: sticky and fixed?
17.What is the z-index, and how does it work with positioned elements?
18.How does transform, perspective, or filter affect positioning and stacking context?

Day_4
19.What is Flexbox and why was it introduced in CSS?
20.What are the main axis and cross axis in Flexbox?
21.What is the difference between justify-content and align-items?
22.How do you center an element both vertically and horizontally using Flexbox?
23.What does flex: 1 mean and how is it interpreted?
24.What is the difference between flex-grow, flex-shrink, and flex-basis?
25.How does flex-wrap work and when should it be used?
26.What is the use of the order property in Flexbox?
27.How do align-self and align-items differ in Flexbox?
28.How do you create a responsive layout using Flexbox?

DAY_5
29.What is a CSS transition and how does it work?
30.What is the difference between a transition and an animation in CSS?
31.What is the purpose of the transition-timing-function property?
32.What is a CSS transformation? List some common transform functions?
33.What is the transform-origin property and why is it useful?
34.Give a real-world example where you would use a transition, a transformation, and an animation.
35.What is the difference between a transition and an transform in CSS?

DAY_6
36.What’s the difference between auto-fit and auto-fill?
37.What is the fr unit and why is it useful in responsive design?
38.What does justify-content vs justify-items do in a grid?
39.What is CSS Grid? How is it different from Flexbox?
40.What problem does minmax() solve? Give example.
41.What is subgrid?

Me code Vachinda


